We're gonna make a game.
We're gonna call it, I mean you can, for
any of these,
I know that I can't stop you.
So you can take your own liberties for
whatever you wanna do here, but
we're gonna make a game,
I am gonna make a game called Taco Chase.
Cuz I like tacos, if you prefer to chase
Cheesy Puffs, you can chase Cheesy Puffs.
If you would prefer to chase an apple,
you can chase an apple.
You can chase whatever you wanna chase.
But for me, I am gonna chase a taco.
So I'm gonna go ahead, and
I'm gonna make a new file.
And all of these are saved automatically.
And if you want to find them later,
you can go into my stuff and
you will find your stuff in my stuff.
All right, so first of all,
in this one, what I'm gonna do is,
I'm gonna have a little game where you can
kind of go up, down, left, and right, and
you're just looking for a taco, right?
And when you find that taco, it will move,
that is life summarized, right,
it's exemplary.
You saw I did the demo
at the beginning snake.
Imagine snake without a tail, right?
And we'll add to it, we'll add some
game mechanics in a little bit.
So the first thing I'm gonna do and
I'm gonna give you all
a second do this as well, but
I will just kind of show you just some
of the Sprite editing tools as well.
Cuz it's gonna be sort of a top down, this
part is not gonna do the trick for me.
So I can go ahead,
I'm gonna make a new costume first,
I'm gonna get rid of the existing ones.
So I can go to this little Choose
a Costume, we're gonna paint.
You can make your own in a second,
but I'm gonna make mine and so
I'm gonna make a circle, now pro tip.
You can hit the circle and
you can do this and
you can try to get a perfect circle and
maybe you can pull it off.
I don't know, maybe you're better than me.
You hit a Delete key or if you hold Shift,
you automatically make a perfect
circle no matter what.
So I'm gonna make this little
perfect circle right here.
Looks pretty good.
You're gonna change things up for circle.
You can take this little mouse, you can
change this color to whatever you want.
You can even make it a gradient
if you want, that's horrifying.
You can change the color.
You can even select a color from
the somewhere in the screen,
cool, make it a little darker.
I think I need some personality though,
you know what I mean?
So let's go ahead,
I'm gonna make some eyes.
I'm gonna make the thickness
a little less.
We'll make the fill of
this one a solid color.
Be nice if I can stop right
clicking by accident.
Cool, and what I'll do is, I will,
gotta hold shift, never mind.
Make an eye, and
then we'll change it to black.
Make a little smaller one, cool.
Change back to the mouse and
pop it in there.
Let's make it look a little less crazy.
There we go.
If I wanna treat as one group, I can
group it and that I can just copy paste.
Selected everything.
Now I got two eyes.
Let's put them on our hero, awesome.
Does he need a mouth or
is that eyes are good enough, right?
Eyes are good enough?
Cool, so now we've got a little hero
ready to go and ready to eat some tacos.
Great, we can go ahead and
delete some of these old ones as well.
So he doesn't do anything yet.
Does my hero have a name?
>> Dave.
All right, we got Dave.
Dave's ready to eat some tacos
Now Dave needs a taco, right?
[LAUGH] This game doesn't have a lot yet,
let's give Dave a taco.
So we'll go here, we'll choose a Sprite.
It's almost like I happen to know
there's a taco in here already.
As you can see, it has a second
costume where it is a wizard.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I would resist every urge not to do
something with that at some point.
All right is this taco is way too big.
You're like agree to disagree, but [LAUGH]
let's assume that the taco is too big.
Rather than adding a Sprite,
what I'm just gonna do is I'm gonna say
the size is point let's say, let's try 30.
Too big?
Too small?
Just right?
Let's try 25.
That feels better.
It feels like relative, I mean,
still a big taco for a hero,
but thank for us to see.
Pretty, pretty good.